DOC update whatsnew_0.23 with removal of _safe_tags() (#17245)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.23.rst

  and support for classes will be removed in 0.24. Pass instances instead.
  :pr:`17032` by `Nicolas Hug`_.

> - |API| The use of `_safe_tags` in `utils.estimator_checks` is now
>   deprecated, hence all tags should be obtained through `estimator._get_tags()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |API| The private utility `_safe_tags` in `utils.estimator_checks` was
  removed, hence all tags should be obtained through `estimator._get_tags()`.
  Note that Mixins like `RegressorMixin` must come *before* base classes
  in the MRO for `_get_tags()` to work properly.
```
